修改了Serverless配额限制提示和数据集成到HTTP动作的URL路径描述 (#624)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/data_integration/http_server.md

   - **Method**: Select `POST` for the HTTP request method. 

>    - **URL Path**: It is possible to set up a separate request path for the action, which will be appended to the url configuration of the connector to form the full URL address. Templates with variables can be used in this option. You need to first define the relevant variable in the rule SQL, for example, `“select clientid as device_id”`. After that, you can use the variable `“${device_id}”` in the URL path of the HTTP action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **URL Path**: You can configure a separate request path for the action, which will be appended to the connector's URL configuration to create the complete URL. This option allows the use of templates with variables. First, define the relevant variable in the rule SQL, such as SELECT clientid AS device_id. You can then incorporate the variable ${device_id} in the URL path of the HTTP action.
```
